README.md, before:

# Skela
### A simple boilerplate to start web projects

Skela is a collection of libraries you will probably need for an average web frontend. I have chosen this librairies according to my experience and my everyday needs.

The goal of Skela is to be responsive and cross browser compatible including IE 7.

*Skela* means scaffold in bosnian construction jargon.

### Included librairies

The main part of the project is a fork of [dmur's fork of Skeleton](https://github.com/dmur/Skeleton) merged with the fluid branch so that it has both 960 and fluid grid options.

Other librairies are:

* common [jquery v.1.10.2](http://jquery.com/download/)
* my branch of [Dropdowns](https://github.com/gresakg/dropdowns)
* my branch of [leanModal.js](https://github.com/gresakg/leanModal.js)
* latest stable [lightbox2](https://github.com/lokesh/lightbox2)
* my own project [Share Free](https://github.com/gresakg/ShareFree)
* the beautifull [jQuery Cycle2](http://jquery.malsup.com/cycle2/)

And more will come.

There's no documentation at this point, but you can consult documentation of each respective project.

Nothing except the skeleton and jquery is called by default making the base page super light. You include just what you need to.

### Docs & Support
There are no unified docs for Skela, but you can consult documentation for each of the included librairies.

* Skeleton's documentation is here [www.getskeleton.com](http://www.getskeleton.com)
* Dropdowns project has no docs yet, but you may find some info on it's [github page](https://github.com/gresakg/dropdowns).
* LeanModal's documentation is here [http://leanmodal.finelysliced.com.au](http://leanmodal.finelysliced.com.au/)
* Lighbox2 documentation is on the [lightbox2 page](http://lokeshdhakar.com/projects/lightbox2/)
* Cycle2 has all the needed documentation here [http://jquery.malsup.com/cycle2/](http://jquery.malsup.com/cycle2/)
* ShareFree has no documentation but it has a self explanatory demo page. Find out more about it at it's [github page](https://github.com/gresakg/ShareFree).

Commit message:

production ready 18 grid default based Skela

README.md, after:

# Skela
### A simple boilerplate to start web projects

Skela is a collection of libraries you will probably need for an average web frontend. I have chosen this librairies according to my experience and my everyday needs.

The goal of Skela is to be responsive and cross browser compatible including IE 7.

*Skela* means scaffold in bosnian construction jargon.

### Included librairies

The main part of the project is a fork of [dmur's fork of Skeleton](https://github.com/dmur/Skeleton) however, upgraded to the 18 column grid by default. The 16 column grid is still included and can by used normaly.

Other librairies are:

* common [jquery v.1.10.2](http://jquery.com/download/)
* my branch of [Dropdowns](https://github.com/gresakg/dropdowns)
* my branch of [leanModal.js](https://github.com/gresakg/leanModal.js)
* latest stable [lightbox2](https://github.com/lokesh/lightbox2)
* my own project [Share Free](https://github.com/gresakg/ShareFree)
* the beautifull [jQuery Cycle2](http://jquery.malsup.com/cycle2/)

And more will come.

There's no documentation at this point, but you can consult documentation of each respective project.

Nothing except the skeleton and jquery is called by default making the base page super light. You include just what you need to.

### Docs & Support
There are no unified docs for Skela, but you can consult documentation for each of the included librairies.

* Skeleton's documentation is here [www.getskeleton.com](http://www.getskeleton.com)
* Dropdowns project has no docs yet, but you may find some info on it's [github page](https://github.com/gresakg/dropdowns).
* LeanModal's documentation is here [http://leanmodal.finelysliced.com.au](http://leanmodal.finelysliced.com.au/)
* Lighbox2 documentation is on the [lightbox2 page](http://lokeshdhakar.com/projects/lightbox2/)
* Cycle2 has all the needed documentation here [http://jquery.malsup.com/cycle2/](http://jquery.malsup.com/cycle2/)
* ShareFree has no documentation but it has a self explanatory demo page. Find out more about it at it's [github page](https://github.com/gresakg/ShareFree).
